everybody welcome back to know the land
please inviting Rasgotra plus our we did
really well yesterday on our daily
became 29th the court and agree but that
daily is in the books 0.36 percentile
overall a very very good score today's
daily is my kind of daily but you're not
going to like that
because it is Anna's asel run that goes
to mega Satan
I've got you know compared to the norm I
think I have more Azazel experience
because we've done so many Azazel runs
to like fill time on the NL SS that I
think we're fairly robust when it comes
to our Azazel skill set now to be fair
Anna's angel run in which you're forced
to fight for points at least you're
forced to fight Hoss you're forced to
fight
boss rush it can incur problems due to
the the range issue that is asel
obviously has but you know I mean even
just getting a little brim right off the
bat does a lot to to kind of sort that
out so I'm pretty unconcerned to you but
yeah I mean in a way this is again my
ideal for ranking purposes it's like my
ideal daily because all you got to do is
play as well as possible and as well
just means like mechanically I'm not
saying on the best player mechanically
isn't it I can't remember this is
actually it tears downgrade or not tears
the range downgraded Azazel but can't
open that it seems like a range upgrade
not by much but but by a little bit at
least I'm going to open the golden chest
as well I'm not saying I'm mechanically
the best Isak player in the world
because that would just be a lie
it's the probably the best word they
used to describe it but for whatever
reason my my Azazel playing probably
just due to you know law of large
numbers has turned out pretty well for
the most part so I'm feeling like we're
we're well equipped to do fine today so
we're going to peep potential secret
room I'm stunned actually stunned that
that's not our secret room it could be
here
kind of a lesser likely position but we
got it nonetheless we also got a
strength card which is good for deal to
devil purposes we don't need hang demand
and we don't necessarily need the full
card try for a second secret room we got
lucky and found it on the first glance
here and sure I mean a range upgrade you
know no originally I was down with that
but I think the range upgrade is
actually worth more the poisons worth
something it's not worth a lot we
belabor at that point you know for
hundreds of episodes how important is it
that poison when you get it is it is it
a C+ is it an A - is it a D I don't know
it's a little bit of a tough call here
so I'm going to do what I do best and
we'll delay that decision until it
becomes immediately pressing and more
apparent because on the one hand getting
five extra bombs is okay it's worth
something we could use the bombs it's
not just for points like those bombs
could have a purpose and then ghost
pepper is good but I actually don't know
if it works as is hazel if it works it
might be amazing take blood clot try to
take advantage of the strength card not
on this floor that was just a god-awful
way to take a little damage obviously
Krampus his head is like completely fine
and that is indeed what showed up we
took a little bit of damage but I
wouldn't I wouldn't sweat it just yet I
wouldn't sweat it just yet it okay no
secret rooms there now we have no bombs
but I shouldn't really let that
influence my decision especially because
I was going to say we're probably going
to get some right here the Sun card you
just I think you should use it as a as a
map if you needed but probably more
pressingly just to you know kill some of
the enemies on this room like the Sun
should just kill that enemy and then
grandpa's head didn't quite get the job
and to be honest with you we don't
really need Krampus head we're still
doing enough damage like with brimstone
that we have very few concerns in a
department we've got an ample of cards
Lee Street found our secret room because
we have money but we can't access our
shop I think we are going to take the
bombs and this might be like a grossly
incorrect decision but I'm going to take
the bombs and I'm going to use the bombs
to finance secret room access we got two
sacks give us a hero font card which we
shouldn't maybe use because we can find
blank card later hangman card gives us
nothing and then we're basically out but
we can still look for a second secret
room and what's nice is that there's
really only one plausible location for
the second secret room and that's right
up here we're looking for like bombs our
key health up that's a health up plus a
health down question marks pheromones
bombs are key we wanted bombs or key so
actually like this might all be coming
together
let me get bomb bag which i think is
worth picking up and Sackboy dude I
think we actually by the skin of our
teeth pulled that one out and we might
even be able to get a little bit more
money out of this situation as well keep
our deal with the devil chance alive so
or I keep our blood bank chance alive
and then I think you take the health
down pill and we're using that basically
as a strength card more or less to give
us more HP but it's a little bit more
flexible because we can use it to get HP
even if we don't get a deal with the
devil out of it immediately so okay five
more bombs for all the damage we took
there I actually think we we sort of
held it together and and made a positive
thing happen there which is nice so we
will you know take our damage you got to
take your lumps in the situation and
that's completely fine I think although
it's always you know on your minds
George Jones style to potentially use
Krampus as head against the boss if we
use it on any room that seems to warrant
it I think we're going to buy ourselves
so much time when it comes to to
handling boss rush it should be a little
bit easier to get there at least and
then of course you know it's not just
boss rush you gotta make the hush fight
as well so
decent reasoning I think so that red and
white pill is just question marks we
should be aware of that for the future
to full run reroll normally I don't do
this on dailies anymore but there are
some situations in which it sort of
makes sense you know a fine okay you
know I'll go this way then Mongo baby is
like okay it does not do a little
brimstone effect which is a bummer but
that's okay I don't think I'm gonna do
it on today's daily cuz it just looks
great already so it seems like kind of a
an unnecessary risk
for me Wow
it ended up giving us a secret room kind
of a surprise I think it seems like an
unnecessary risk right now where we're
going semillas heck as zany as we can
get in the in the non dailies we're
rolling into I mean if those episodes
haven't come out yet we're rolling into
garbage we're rolling from like a house
on the Hollywood Hills into like you
know a Love Shack at the side of the
road and players on known battlegrounds
so I don't feel like we're at a
detriment from the same department right
now the Department of Zane um so you
take diplopia and one way to use this is
obviously to get deal with the devil
doubles for free or you could use it to
get a bunch of boss rush items for free
but I'm just going to use it you know as
is right now what you take PhD first
she's going to give us a pill the pill
is act down pills em again and I'm
drowsy pill which is okay whatever and
the health down pill becomes a health
uphill so we can rock something else
here and then we kind of maybe just pump
out Ace of Diamonds right now and turn
everything else into pennies and you can
buy a PhD which will give you another
will give you another good pill but I
think we'll just go like moms moms nun's
habit instead well who do you think you
know the nun is obviously it's mom but
that's just a theory a game theory
husaria sneeze every time I mention game
theory
so weird park I have and by perk I mean
disease no um anyway I think we made
right ish decisions there we still have
the strength cars and it's you know it's
still sort of provides us with a benefit
phd's nice nuns habits nice and we still
got enough money to maybe get an arcade
on the next floor so I ain't sweating it
very much at all here secret room oh
come on as not a secret room we've
already been in a secret room you dummy
second secret room is not then and we're
missing one room here but I think that's
an acceptable cost or rather I should
say I think it's unacceptable for us to
go back to try to do one room just to
get the exploration bonus and whatever
well else we might get out of that room
so we are looking at potential deals
with the angel coming up here and I'm
excited about that adds a little bit of
Zain into this run the top score today
is in like the 60s and if you want to
get front page you've got to be in the
50s which to me basically means you just
have to play really really well and if
you can you know get a blank card that
were otherwise like break the run with
with some kind of breaking engine you
know like I mean this is not really the
most eloquent way to explain it but to
have cursed dice or something like that
cracked dice and be able to make that
pop off and one of the many mercurial
ways in which you do and I say you
they're not as the Royal you because
obviously I don't know what I'm doing
when it comes today counterfeit any
interesting you know worth something
but these clubs cherry I'm just going to
pop some of these to get them out of the
way um I don't really want to lose
tapeworm I like having the extra ranges
Azazel and I think it's going to lead to
us taking less damage you might be
saying hey moron you rear old your
strength card into a bomb yeah no I know
I think that's a decent idea here I
think that's a secret room no I think
it's a decent idea here I don't think a
strength card is worth very much right
now when we've got three HP
sacks are keeping us like in a great
spot here just don't take too too long
we still are ahead of schedule for boss
rush but not by a ton at least not
necessarily okay you hear me out here
again this is like it's not four points
but this is a play I probably would not
make on a daily around a non daily I
should say we're going to turn needless
consumables into four keys and we're
going to keep our permit cards in order
to do that and save a little bit of
money sure having seven cents will take
poke a go throw this down here we don't
need the box of trinkets it's not
necessarily bad but we definitely do not
need it
same thing with Mama mega I know there's
a car there that might be useful but
buddy in a box like is it that good I
don't think it's that good ventricular
razors got some value to we're looking
for something a little bit better like
converter doesn't do it for us either
here okay I mean there's always valuing
swallow penny and dull razor can be
interesting but I think yeah jumper
cables is fine so the more enemies you
kill the more this will get charged up
and I'm always happy to see foreveralone
unless we need like a game-winning item
instantly I'm always happy to see
forever alone so let's just keep it
moving here you're in a good spot you
know this is probably going to lead to
the the boss I'll take our eternal heart
it doesn't necessarily mean we can't do
an arcade on this floor I mean we've got
the HP to take whatever we want or you
know the phrase it like live Tyler in
the Lord of the Rings films if you want
it come and claim it to phrase it like
Madonna from we don't need it we just
don't need it
Madonna from our music song / video four
minutes to save the world if you want it
you already got it it's actually like
almost on pitch which is about as good
as it gets for northern line singing so
true story
an ex-girlfriend of mine and I wouldn't
say we had a fight but had sort of like
a little bit of an argument she had good
taste actually but one day she showed me
four minutes by Madonna and she was like
check it out it's like this is one of
the best songs I've ever heard in my
life and I listened to it I was like it
was alright I don't think it's that
amazing I don't think it's garbage well
like is that amazing she was like you
are you really like you're being serious
you don't appreciate the the artistry of
this I don't know why that was the you
know everybody gets that so sometimes
I'm like you know hey you know Creed
stinks in my opinion if what you as
always entitled us whatever you want to
listen to bothers me little judge me not
by my top ten albums of all time judging
by the way that I treat other people in
public and yell at them for you know
going to the deli counter etc etc but
happier with the fool car just in case
we need it you know I'll be like I don't
really like Creed but I sort of think
that my own prison is actually like an 8
out of 10
despite the fact that it's a little
ridiculous people go NL you're out of
your mind that's know and you're
probably right but for whatever reason
that song like can warm its way into my
brain even though I recognize that it
might be bad and you know definitely for
whatever reason for minutes did that to
her but I digress Joker card well um I
mean we're probably going to get a deal
with the devil anyways the thing so I
think you actually you can be smart here
though because this is not the this is
not deaf students Necropolis 1-0 a
tattoo ain't bad we got the guys pop it
just for the HP yeah Emperor
we got tamper amps damper rains okay so
here's what you do know I mean we're net
we're going to lose the temperance card
and I think I'm ok with that
use the emperor card to bounce out of
here god I hate fighting brownie it's
like the new Big Horn like this guy
shows up on every freaking run lately
and I hate him but take this we got a
deal with the devil I guess I'm not
bummed if we get good stuff and we
really did get good stuff so goodbye
Krampus is head why did I do this well I
wanted to save the half spirit hard for
you know going out into the through the
spikes we lose a temperance card as a
result which might cost us a little bit
more but I don't know you know we've
been doing a lot of daily so I've been
having a lot of fun with them lately but
I'm trying new things as well even if
the new things are as mundane as like
you know let's handle this this way oh
dude you use two of clubs and then you
use ancient recall I thought that would
give us the three most recent cards we
used maybe I'm an idiot
but still I mean we got gotten a lot of
bombs out of it we already used our key
we already used our key we didn't get a
[Music]
blank card so I feel like we're kind of
free to use some of this stuff we're
keeping the Emperor card it's basically
like a fail-safe if for some reason it
seems like we're not going to make it to
the boss fight to boss rush I should say
I think like because we have sackboy we
should have a pretty good shot of just
getting enough consumables to make this
happen regardless actually you know what
we definitely want the Joker card just
in case we don't get a deal with the
devil on the next floor and we got a
little bit of time to explore you I
certainly at least enough to get to the
item room I didn't really think that
jumper cables guppies head was going to
be that good but it seems like it's
largely getting the job done here if I'm
being honest with you I don't know if we
even want the HP at this point we do
have deal with the devil precedent but
okay okay so guess we'll take it as a
sign say hey pretty and then will you
give me a sign I'd do anything to get
the rank of one and do little thing and
be at your beck encounter on Michael
Montgomery anybody anybody Chad Michael
Murray anybody Jonathan Taylor Thomas
anybody Neil Patrick Harris anybody I'm
trying to think of people as quickly as
possible that have three first names
oh well Jonathan Taylor Thomas yeah
three first names
Jonathan Tim the Toolman Taylor Thomas
six first names maybe we shouldn't have
taken that
Neil Patrick Harris Neil absolutely
Patrick I think we should have taken
that because it's making our range like
a lot better Harris now it's almost like
hey my name is Harris I'd be like yeah
that's are you as you say I'm sorry's
cousin but it's not an abnormal first
name but I'd be like you know what it's
a rare first name it's rare enough that
if somebody was like and you're you know
you might be watching this maybe your
name's Harris and you're going name is
not that weird I'm not trying to say you
got a weird name Harris first off thanks
for watching the content I really
appreciate it
sorry that you ended up being the butt
of today's joke but you know somebody's
got to go everyday that's the way she
goes boys but I think Harris is like
it's unusual enough that I'd be like hey
Harris cool name and he'd be like thanks
buddy
cool youtube channel see we're best
friends is the thing beautiful not a
steam sale a beautiful nonetheless the
money's poppin off oh my god putting it
in my puck kid now we're bouncing okay
so we got like a lot of every consumable
points-wise we're in a great spot we're
in a great spot and our rank is all the
way up there what are we looking for
well this floor is very simple first off
Yuri roll the whole run no I'm not going
to deal with I'm in a good spot and the
siren song of the day I didn't get hit
there the siren song of the v6 room
cannot sway me not today I think about
that sometimes because Kate and I we
know we're not in the next stage of our
lives but we're approaching the next
stage of our lives you know we are
probably going to have kids one day I've
never really been the kind of person
who's like I'm never gonna have kids but
when I was 17 I was like I'm never going
to have kids in the back of my head it
was like
say that cuz no a good no I'm going to
test you on it they're going to be like
oh really how strongly do you feel about
it person who just learned how to do
derivatives you know you're still in the
infancy of your life it's called the
derivative scales I always said so
probably like within the next five years
or so probably going to have that
conversation so I kind of think like
it's worth a key for certain I got to
think like where am I going to name what
am I going to suggest at least as a name
for a daughter or a son I think I'm a
very traditional name guy like a Ryan
jr. not going to happen that's just
you're asking for trouble I don't think
we want any of this really Rico where
you going buddy you got to poop and I
don't like there's no I'm not going to
name my kid like Michael first off it's
a little played out at this point plus I
know too many Michael's and it would be
like an awkward situations like what
Michael did you name it after that I
didn't really name it after anybody to
sort of like the name yeah but isn't it
weird that like one of your best friends
is named Michael as well and I bet yeah
you know I came to thats a little weird
but then like once you get up so
everyone's like I don't want a boring
name but then it becomes complicated if
you if you don't want a boring name but
you also don't want an out-there name
like I don't want to name my kid like
blacks on or something like that you
know I mean that's I don't wanna be like
Nicolas Cage II named his son kal-el
that's that's treating your child as if
it's something that you own which I mean
like you sort of do for a while at least
I mean you don't you know have a baby
you are in ownership of a baby I think
as a on a colloquial level obviously on
a legal level it's an individual but you
know what I mean like you have this this
house has it comes with a baby is what
I'm trying to say yeah let's just go
through with this we didn't go to our
shop oh we did go to our shop and I'm
completely okay if we had not
or shop anyway if you name your kid like
you know Wolverine or something like
that that's just again not trying to
insult anybody but it's too far it's too
far for me to feel comfortable with
might as well take this take the Polar
gold-digger negative as well as what I
mean so take the negative tonight for an
Ambika Tuesday I will okay
yeah pyromaniac that's pretty great beat
the pants off a kidney stone just gotta
play this right we got here faster than
usual we should make the hush fight
pretty easily I don't know why you get
two charges from each room of boss rush
now certainly not complaining but you
know just pointing that out there I'm
very happy about it's like you get a
charge when the room ends and when it
starts it's the classic off by one error
you're doing a pre-increment at a
post-increment what are you thinking
dude points wise we're in a really nice
spot right now not sure if you noticed
that but yeah you know you're probably
again now you're not talking about the
name thing anyways because I think the
bits kind of played out I guess but like
to the same token I'm just sort of like
I don't know if you go for her name is
too boring
I guess I'd rather err on the side of
too boring than like two out there like
if inside there like Dave or it's like
you know a name with a number sign in it
or something like that I guess I'll go
for Dave I don't see a child's name
necessarily as like an extension of the
adults personality I think that's that's
where I get a little annoyed or at least
I mean it's not like it's my business at
all but if you're like yeah I really
like sandwiches so my daughter's name
panini and I'm like well you know what
if she hates sandwiches you know you've
given there you haven't given her a
tabula rasa you've given her a you've
given her a sandwich press
until one penny me of Killip amino I
actually ordered a I ordered a panini
today because I'm fancy and at the at
the cafe where I ordered it it was
called a panino and I was internally I
was like I'm not going to do that I said
all the turkey panini and they you know
what didn't say anything cuz I'm a
paying customer actually it's called a
penny no or do you want more than one no
I'll take it's okay we call it a panini
we've turned the Italian word for press
sandwich into an English word for press
sandwich that's very similar as far as
I'm concerned that's the way that's the
way she goes right now couldn't afford
Panera so she named her dotty her Daffy
her daughter panini tell me that ain't
in Sukkur
got more for me into Sicily like a
ridiculous amount of Guppies head
charges so we're not crushing it and we
are taking a little bit of damage so I'm
feeling the burn a little keep in mind
we are getting another item here as well
by the way you might be looking at this
and going dude my reflection screwed you
I actually do not think it did I think
it benefits us
like the bend is bad but it came with
the benefit of like such increased range
then I'm inclined to be like completely
okay with it but our damage set is
pretty bad a rate of fire is not
necessarily killing it so we could speed
up but I think we've got the tools
necessary to beat the hush fight in our
even in our current state obviously you
know in the back end the front of my
head and both of the sides I'm thinking
about the gappi dreams I want the guppy
dream to come to fruition here and if it
does grapes if it doesn't less great but
still probably fine for now well it was
fast
oh the worst decamp pitch not a huge
deal but I didn't walk right into that
damage so I mean dark bomb would be a
great pickup
we need offense more than defense but I
mean look at all the red hearts down
here right regular pin actually stands
no chance
yeah
come on come on you got to be careful
with the name bits mangas you never know
who's gonna be watching this and they're
gonna be like you know I'm subscribed
you for eight years
my name is you know backs on what do you
got against the names axon it's a
perfectly craw Mueller name and I don't
mean like any time you know you're
making a joke that oh is this maybe
Beelzebub know the guppy item doesn't
count okay you make it a joke that might
be if someone's expense you got it you
got to recognize I think the nature of
humor is that you can't make a joke with
nobodies the butt of the joke there's
always potentially going to be people
that could take offense because a lot of
humor is making fun of something now
some people go in one direction there
and they go well in that case it's
impossible to make humor that never
offends anybody so like you know I'm not
even going to try you know in the seal
it was funny to think about abortion is
you know and that's it that was not a
dig at Luiz ek at all whoo I think it's
a fantastic comedian and he has a
prominent abortion bit in one of his
recent specials but then there's the
other side of things like the Mike
Birbiglia side of things where you know
you try to make fun of people but make
it as good-natured as possible
I think there's space for both and I try
to be more on the good-natured side even
when I go on like a ridiculous bit about
like not that I'm a comedian to begin
with but you go on a ridiculous bit
about you know the people at the deli
counter try never to go like those
people should be slaughtered it always
comes back to you know you're the jerk
for making the judgment in the first
place and that's I think that it helps
everybody feel good because you're
laughing at people and then you're
laughing at me as long as it ends with
the laughing at me I think everybody is
as many people as possible leave with a
smile on their faces that's just my
personal philosophy so we got this Joker
card
and I'm I mean I'm tempted to use that
to be honest with you but we got to go
fast but the perthro rune is also
valuable so I'm going to do something
that's a little this is not mid
magazines it's the opposite I'm going to
Joker card right away the idea is I mean
that's obviously great and the idea is
it would be for the best if we don't get
a deal with the devil here but if we do
at least we can use the peripheral rune
to re-roll something we don't like
but the peripheral rune is more
something I've got around right now at
least from my perspective for the
purposes of like ace of clubs world's
card also great for the next floor but
it's something I've got around here
mostly to like give us a chance to
really pop off you know we find actually
a deal with the devil is like a great
opportunity to use the per throw room
because we could maximize our copy
chances as well but yeah you maybe just
go a little faster here to begin with I
think you stick with perthro we I know
we have an emperor card but I think
that's taken a little bit too much of
the easy way out but you said is he
bombs his way through this room but you
maybe maybe get the idea there what I'm
trying to get at nice dodge nice dodge
okay we're gonna have two and a half
minutes roughly on the next floor not a
ton of time we did get a deal we're
going to re-roll because we're looking
for Gumby items it's not it does it
doesn't really give us anything so you
know I'm gonna make I'm gonna make a
play here I'm going to go back and yeah
he's gonna cost us a bomb but it's gonna
cause it's too fast early I'm going to
go back and get the Emperor card because
I don't want to miss the hush pipe even
when I dream of you the sweetest dream
is just never do and I'd miss you baby
and I don't want to miss out on those
10,000 points or whatever we get plus
the shop dude we have 93 cents it would
be nice to get to oh yeah
would be nice to get to the shop down
there I don't know if this is like at
all worth our time but we're doing big
damage so I like when we have three
brimstone lasers shooting out
simultaneously I think that's very good
for us it's good for my morale so when
do we pop the teleport card it's a tough
call to some extent not that it matters
too too much but it is it's a bit of a
tough call I would say probably around
29 minutes just to be on the safe side
because it wouldn't be the worst thing
to save the emperor card is the thing
like we could get value out of saving
the emperor card you know get to the
Cathedral fight a little faster just in
case our HP is bad after the hush fight
for example but so there is value in
keeping it as what I was trying to get
at there is there value in using it
early not really at this point small
rock is very very nice even with the
speed downgrade I'm more than content
got to keep those battery charges and
the money is just like I mean I'd like
some luck upgrades but money's money
get a little ridiculous here de Guise
okay what's the other card hangman you
know what see you later boys oh that's a
hangman I meant to use the ampere see
you later boys
we're probably we were probably going in
the right direction but it was it was a
little further away I might have found
myself in a trickier spot I might still
find myself in a tricky spot good fight
honestly we can't fight Krampus so we
might as well keep this it's got the
item you got I mean that's the thing is
going to put us in a slightly dicey your
position but you got to take contra head
from below it's a beautiful it's a
beautiful item for dailies so we do need
a little HP the the hush fight is not
going to be easy necessarily certainly
pay for itself to open those chests fool
card is not worth much it's this is a
surprisingly tough decision and it's
because the invincibility is really
really nice especially on dailies but
the purity bonus from the aura can also
be very very useful I feel like you
might as well spend like 10 cents here
or even 15 that probably didn't matter
but you know there's money out here is
what I'm getting at and even if there
weren't there would be money that we
could get later that would fill this gap
so I mean in here it's a little bit of
an easier choice tech point 5 is a lot
better than triple shot I think if we're
charging shots especially and if our
rate of fire is an amazing health
upgrade we can maybe take it after Telep
hills doesn't matter walking on sunshine
is temporary invincibility it's worth
something
ok so we're taking faiths reward well
what do you go here I think I'm going to
go for the purity bonus because it's
more fun and rate right away
big range upgrade which is probably the
most valuable upgrade we can get right
now as Azazel anyway so
the dangerous part is that we really are
better off standing still because this
thing the lasers got a heck of a bend to
it you know and the bend is dependent on
the moves that we've most recently made
luckily you know we got a little brim
and then we got an even littler brim in
the form of Incubus
so we're hidden I guess the bigger
problem is we want to hit with
everything all at once and that's not
always plausible I'm glad we didn't
reroll this though not just because what
we've got right now is good but because
what we got right now is kind of cool
you know three different and and two
highly divergent brimstone lasers plus
we got the tech laser as well which is
also bending but might get a charge here
should get a charge it is like 15 flies
in that area so I mean the flies are
just going to be used to kill other
flies but I think we got the bonus
charge from jumper cables for the Flies
like going off the screen which is a
little strange but I'm not going to
complain at this point
okay that's fair how we doing points
wise I honestly have no idea I mean the
central premise of this daily is
basically it's pretty easy it's
basically a test of the fundamentals
like sure having three Brimstone's is
also pretty nice but it's mostly about
dodging were you able to get all the
dodges off if you were you're probably
fine and remember we're not going at
we're not going to the Delirium fight so
this is actually like no stop with these
guys please this is actually like the
peak difficulty of this run right now it
should not get harder than this so is
fifty thousand within the realm of
possibility I would I would probably say
okay this guy's got to go dude he's dead
already
I pops feels like I'm walking on
sunshine
I guess I'm glad that it didn't go off
because we still have it but
are you just waiting for me to damage
you enough that you can do the laser
beam attack I don't know the a I
probably wasn't thinking about that
given you know lack of sentience and all
that but so we are like a bit of a weird
spot like we have pyromaniac but we
can't heal because we don't have any red
hearts I think we did fine on the hush
fight not as well as we could have done
but fine get the fool we got held up the
songs that reminds us of good times with
songs our minds are the best eyes tell
appeals I mean the fool does nothing so
you might as well take like health up
bombs our key is not worth it I okay we
definitely want health up because
there's an internal heart somewhere so
we can take that and then we have to HP
and that's bad because we don't
impermanent polaroid invincibility but
it's good because now we can have two HP
which means we have a little bit of a
buffer in which we can use pyromaniac so
is there's a lot of value there actually
I've become frozen in place I cannot
move well
controller I can't move I can't move
I guess blowing myself up and the the
makeup table at the same time it's
caused a little bit of a conundrum here
if I exit though I'm pretty sure we just
like get a score of zero on the daily so
puts me in quite a weird spot doesn't it
I mean I can't I really the keyboard
works I just can't move my character I'm
clicking on the window you know I'm try
I tried to use the controller I really
think like I broke something in the in
the code by accidentally becoming a QA
tester that's kind of an inch case so I
can understand it you blow something up
that also heals you
that also hurt you and it gives you four
pills and blah blah blah you get the
idea
plus there's like none on seven yeah
nuns have a charge that has to be no it
doesn't have to be count because we
didn't take damage but anyway you get
the idea I guess I'm going to exit I
mean I don't want to quit the daily but
I have no other options so you know I'm
a nihilist that's fine there's our score
it's really bad thanks for watching hope
you enjoyed the episode just salt it
forward maybe we've gotten a zero on it
but I'm not too worried about our rank
I'm more worried about being honest
about this situation I guess for now
thanks for watching this is super bummer
because I think we did have a chance at
certainly ranking a lot better than this
but for now thanks for watching if you
enjoyed it click the like button now set
a great deal of course subscribe if you
wanna see more in the future and I
apologize for the way it ended despite
it not really being my fault except for
throwing a lot of complicated actions of
the game at once for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time I
mean obviously the keyboard works cause
like I can do this but it just wasn't
working in the game very strange anyway
I'll see you next time